README.md, before:

# 60DayPythonLearning

Hello fellow Developers,

I am learning python and taking the course available in Udemy by Ardit Sulce.

here is the link: 
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-python-mega-course/

I am learning the course content as well I am adding my few understanding in the code and making it more robust and helpful to learn.

I will try to add the comments that will help you all to learn easily.


### Abbreviation:

CE --> Code Experiment


## streamlit
Python library to create Web Apps easily

#### Day1
basic list operations, type checking,input() function, variables
#### Day2
while loop, string case methods, indentations
#### Day3
match case, for loop, break statement
#### Day4
value conversion like int(), float(), accessing list items, list indexing
#### Day5
enumerate, f-strings
#### Day6
use of open() function to read files, their methods like readlines(), writelines(), write()
#### Day7
list comprehensions
#### Day8
context manager, used with open() as file
#### Day9
if-else, in keyword
#### Day10
try-except block
#### Day11
custom functions
#### Day12
arguments in functions
#### Day13
continue default arguments
#### Day14
using local modules, importing created methods from different files to main program
#### Day15
time module, start using git
#### Day16
using third party library PySismpleGUI, using GitHub
#### Day17
Start Building Desktop app
#### Day18
learning various GUI styles, giving final touch to program
#### Day19
building web app using streamlit third party module.

Commit message:

Commit Day 24 completed. Learned about creating PDF Files using Python fpdf library

README.md, after:

# 60DayPythonLearning

Hello fellow Developers,

I am learning python and taking the course available in Udemy by Ardit Sulce.

here is the link: 
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-python-mega-course/

I am learning the course content as well I am adding my few understanding in the code and making it more robust and helpful to learn.

I will try to add the comments that will help you all to learn easily.


### Abbreviation:

CE --> Code Experiment


## streamlit
Python library to create Web Apps easily

#### Day1
basic list operations, type checking,input() function, variables
#### Day2
while loop, string case methods, indentations
#### Day3
match case, for loop, break statement
#### Day4
value conversion like int(), float(), accessing list items, list indexing
#### Day5
enumerate, f-strings
#### Day6
use of open() function to read files, their methods like readlines(), writelines(), write()
#### Day7
list comprehensions
#### Day8
context manager, used with open() as file
#### Day9
if-else, in keyword
#### Day10
try-except block
#### Day11
custom functions
#### Day12
arguments in functions
#### Day13
continue default arguments
#### Day14
using local modules, importing created methods from different files to main program
#### Day15
time module, start using git
#### Day16
using third party library PySismpleGUI, using GitHub
#### Day17
Start Building Desktop app
#### Day18
learning various GUI styles, giving final touch to program
#### Day19
building web app using streamlit third party module.
### Day 20
Revision on the Day 1 to Day19
### Day 21, 22,23
Learned to create Personal Portfolio and Company website using Streamlit library.
Learned to send email through gmail using SMTP protocal
### Day 24
Follow the PEP 8 guide for following Coding standards. Learned about fpdf module to create pdf files.
